feat(segment): add playground & docs for segment view (#3875)
ionic-team/ionic-docs: docs/api/segment-view.md

Reviewer: Same thought of maybe adding the right sidebar.

---
title: "ion-segment-view"
---

import Props from '@ionic-internal/component-api/v8/segment-view/props.md';
import Events from '@ionic-internal/component-api/v8/segment-view/events.md';

<head>
  <title>ion-segment-view: Controller element for swipeable segments</title>
  <meta name="description" content="ion-segment-views are wrapper elements that link a group of segment contents to a segment" />
</head>

import EncapsulationPill from '@components/page/api/EncapsulationPill';

<EncapsulationPill type="shadow" />

Segment view is a wrapper element that links a group of [segment contents](./segment-content.md) to a [segment](./segment.md) when using swipeable segments.

> See our [swipeable segments](./segment.md#swipeable-segments) documentation for more information on how to use `ion-segment-view`s.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
See our [swipeable segments](./segment.md#swipeable-segments) documentation for more information on how to use  segment views.
```
